after a while in the time of wheat
after a while in the time of wheat harvest it happened that Samson visited
harvest it happened that Samson visited
harvest it happened that Samson visited his wife with a young goat let me go
his wife with a young goat let me go
his wife with a young goat let me go into my wife into her room but her
into my wife into her room but her
into my wife into her room but her father would not permit him to go in I
father would not permit him to go in I
father would not permit him to go in I really thought that you thoroughly hated
really thought that you thoroughly hated
really thought that you thoroughly hated her therefore I gave her to your
her therefore I gave her to your
her therefore I gave her to your companion is not a younger sister better
companion is not a younger sister better
companion is not a younger sister better than she please take her instead this
than she please take her instead this
than she please take her instead this time I shall be blameless regarding the
time I shall be blameless regarding the
time I shall be blameless regarding the Philistines if I harmed them
Philistines if I harmed them
Philistines if I harmed them then Samson went and caught 300 foxes
then Samson went and caught 300 foxes
then Samson went and caught 300 foxes and he took torches turned the fox's
and he took torches turned the fox's
and he took torches turned the fox's tail to tail and put a torch between
tail to tail and put a torch between
tail to tail and put a torch between each pair of tails when he had set the
each pair of tails when he had set the
each pair of tails when he had set the torches on fire he let the Foxes go into
torches on fire he let the Foxes go into
torches on fire he let the Foxes go into the standing grain of the Philistines
the standing grain of the Philistines
the standing grain of the Philistines and burned up both the shocks and the
and burned up both the shocks and the
and burned up both the shocks and the standing grain as well as the vineyards
standing grain as well as the vineyards
standing grain as well as the vineyards and olive groves then the Philistine
and olive groves then the Philistine
and olive groves then the Philistine said Oh Samson the son-in-law of the Tim
said Oh Samson the son-in-law of the Tim
said Oh Samson the son-in-law of the Tim night because he has taken his wife and
night because he has taken his wife and
night because he has taken his wife and given her to his companion so the
given her to his companion so the
given her to his companion so the Philistines came up and burned her and
Philistines came up and burned her and
Philistines came up and burned her and her father with fire Samson said to them
her father with fire Samson said to them
her father with fire Samson said to them since you would do a thing like this I
since you would do a thing like this I
since you would do a thing like this I will surely take revenge on you and
will surely take revenge on you and
will surely take revenge on you and after that I will cease so he had given
after that I will cease so he had given
after that I will cease so he had given five with a great slow and he went down
five with a great slow and he went down
five with a great slow and he went down and dwelt in the cleft of the rock of
and dwelt in the cleft of the rock of
and dwelt in the cleft of the rock of eaten
eaten
eaten now the Philistines went up in Campton
now the Philistines went up in Campton
now the Philistines went up in Campton Judah and deployed themselves against
Judah and deployed themselves against
Judah and deployed themselves against Lehi and the men of Judah said why have
Lehi and the men of Judah said why have
Lehi and the men of Judah said why have you come up against us we have come up
you come up against us we have come up
you come up against us we have come up to arrest Samson to do to him as he has
to arrest Samson to do to him as he has
to arrest Samson to do to him as he has done to us then 3,000 men of Judah went
done to us then 3,000 men of Judah went
done to us then 3,000 men of Judah went down to the cleft of the rock of eaten
down to the cleft of the rock of eaten
down to the cleft of the rock of eaten and said to Samson do you not know that
and said to Samson do you not know that
and said to Samson do you not know that the Philistines rule over us what is
the Philistines rule over us what is
the Philistines rule over us what is this you have done to us as they did to
this you have done to us as they did to
this you have done to us as they did to me so I have done to them we have come
me so I have done to them we have come
me so I have done to them we have come down to arrest you that we may deliver
down to arrest you that we may deliver
down to arrest you that we may deliver you into the hand of the Philistines
you into the hand of the Philistines
you into the hand of the Philistines swear to me that you will not kill me
swear to me that you will not kill me
swear to me that you will not kill me yourselves no but we will tie you
yourselves no but we will tie you
yourselves no but we will tie you securely and deliver you into their hand
securely and deliver you into their hand
securely and deliver you into their hand but we will surely not cute and they
but we will surely not cute and they
but we will surely not cute and they found him with two new ropes and brought
found him with two new ropes and brought
found him with two new ropes and brought him up from the rock when he came to
him up from the rock when he came to
him up from the rock when he came to Lehigh the Philistines came shouting
Lehigh the Philistines came shouting
Lehigh the Philistines came shouting against him then the Spirit of the Lord
against him then the Spirit of the Lord
against him then the Spirit of the Lord came mightily upon him and the ropes
came mightily upon him and the ropes
came mightily upon him and the ropes that were on his arms became like flax
that were on his arms became like flax
that were on his arms became like flax that is burned with fire as his bones
that is burned with fire as his bones
that is burned with fire as his bones broke loose from his hands he found a
broke loose from his hands he found a
broke loose from his hands he found a fresh jawbone of a dog
fresh jawbone of a dog
fresh jawbone of a dog reached out his hand and took it and
reached out his hand and took it and
reached out his hand and took it and killed a thousand men with it
then Samson said with the jawbone of a
then Samson said with the jawbone of a donkey heaps upon heaps with the jawbone
donkey heaps upon heaps with the jawbone
donkey heaps upon heaps with the jawbone of a donkey I have slain a thousand men
and so it was when he had finished
and so it was when he had finished speaking but he threw the jawbone from
speaking but he threw the jawbone from
speaking but he threw the jawbone from his hand and called that place
his hand and called that place
his hand and called that place Rama Leah
Rama Leah
Rama Leah then he became very thirsty so he cried
then he became very thirsty so he cried
then he became very thirsty so he cried out to the Lord and said you have given
out to the Lord and said you have given
out to the Lord and said you have given this great deliverance by the hand of
this great deliverance by the hand of
this great deliverance by the hand of your servant and now shall I die of
your servant and now shall I die of
your servant and now shall I die of thirst and fall into the hand of the
thirst and fall into the hand of the
thirst and fall into the hand of the uncircumcised so god split the hollow
uncircumcised so god split the hollow
uncircumcised so god split the hollow place that is in lead and water came out
place that is in lead and water came out
place that is in lead and water came out and he drank and his spirit returned and
and he drank and his spirit returned and
and he drank and his spirit returned and he revived therefore he called its name
he revived therefore he called its name
he revived therefore he called its name and hackery
and hackery
and hackery which is in Lehi to this day and he
which is in Lehi to this day and he
which is in Lehi to this day and he judged Israel twenty years in the days
judged Israel twenty years in the days
judged Israel twenty years in the days of the Philistines
of the Philistines
of the Philistines [Music]